Update dev_guide.rst (#79625)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/galaxy/dev_guide.rst

Authenticate with Galaxy
------------------------

Using the ``import``, ``delete`` and ``setup`` commands to manage your roles on the Galaxy website requires authentication in the form of an API key, you must create an account on the Galaxy website.

> Log in to the galaxy website and visit https://galaxy.ansible.com/me/preferences and click `show api key`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Log in to the Galaxy website and open the `Preferences <https://galaxy.ansible.com/me/preferences>`_ view.
#. Select **Show API key** and then copy it.
```

> Put this token in the `/home/<username>/.ansible/galaxy_token` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Save your token in the `.ansible/galaxy_token` file.
```

Authenticate with Galaxy
------------------------

Using the ``import``, ``delete`` and ``setup`` commands to manage your roles on the Galaxy website requires authentication in the form of an API key, you must create an account on the Galaxy website.

#. Log in to the Galaxy website and open the `Preferences <https://galaxy.ansible.com/me/preferences>`_ view.
#. Select **Show API key** and then copy it.

> #. Save your token in the `.ansible/galaxy_token` file.

Reviewer 2: This should reference the config option instead of a hardcoded filename https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/lib/ansible/config/base.yml#L1397-L1404.

> #. Save your token in the `.ansible/galaxy_token` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Save your token in the path set in the :ref:`GALAXY_TOKEN_PATH:`.
```

> #. Save your token in the path set in the :ref:`GALAXY_TOKEN_PATH:`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Save your token in the path set in the :ref:`GALAXY_TOKEN_PATH`.
```
